# $Id: README.pod,v 1.2 2005/06/12 03:01:41 jmichelizzi Exp $

=head1 NAME

WordNet-SenseRelate-WordToSet version 0.02

=head1 OVERVIEW

This module performs word sense disambiguation (WSD), which is the
process of selecting the correct sense for a word in a given sense.
The correct sense is selected from a sense inventory that lists the
possible meanings of a word.  This module uses the WordNet lexical
database as its sense inventory.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   use WordNet::SenseRelate::WordToSet;
   use WordNet::QueryData;

   my $qd = WordNet::QueryData->new;

   my %options = (wordnet => $qd,
                  measure => 'WordNet::Similarity::lesk');

   my $wsd = WordNet::SenseRelate::WordToSet->new (%options);

   my $result = $wsd->disambiguate (target => 'java',
                      context => ['programming_language', 'applet']);

   foreach my $key (keys %$result) {
       print $key, ' : ', $result->{$key}, "\n";
   }

=head1 CONTENTS

When the distribution is unpacked, several subdirectories are created:

=over

=item /lib

This directory contains the Perl modules that do the actual work of
disambiguation.  By default, these files are isntalled into
/usr/local/lib/site_perl/PERL_VERSION (where PERL_VERSION is the
version of Perl you are using), or a similar directory.  See the
INSTALL file for more details.

=item /utils

This directory contains a script, wordtoset.pl, that lets you run the WSD
software without writing your own Perl script.

=item /t

This directory contains test scripts.  These scripts are run when you run
'make test'.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

WordNet::SenseRelate::WordToSet(3) wordtoset.pl(1)

The main web page for SenseRelate is

L<http://senserelate.sourceforge.net/>

There are several mailing lists for SenseRelate:

L<http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/senserelate-users/>

L<http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/senserelate-news/>

L<http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/senserelate-developers/>

=head1 AUTHORS

Jason Michelizzi <jmichelizzi at users.sourceforge.net>

Ted Pedersen <tpederse at d.umn.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2005 by Jason Michelizzi and Ted Pedersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

The program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

